Controls: Add conditional controls (#17536)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/essentials/controls.md

</div>

### Conditional controls

> In some cases, it's useful to be able to conditionally exclude a control based on the value of another control. Controls supports basic versions of these use cases with the `enableIf` and `disableIf` options, which can take a boolean value, or a string which can refer to the value of another arg.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, it's useful to be able to conditionally exclude a control based on the value of another control. Controls supports basic versions of these use cases with the `includeIf` and `excludeIf` options, which can take a boolean value, or a string which can refer to the value of another arg.
```
